hi this is Makani with mine boot in song
today I'm going to be comparing two
different shape words the first one I
call it my all over body lifter body
shaper it's awesome it lifts and nips
and tucks and has little open area in
the back to eat that little excellence I
need and then also come waist cincher
this is awesome mmm yes this does fit me
so we're going to be trying those on
today in this outfit so you're going to
see me with you normal girl next door
kind of ba-ba-ba-boom waist cincher and
then you're going to see me in nipped
and tucked and sifted wasted in with the
body liquor see you soon
doctor runs remove your big toe just a
car Bam Bam Fritos got in here which is
my favorite part of the damage just hit
what is that the hip is wet ass with a
quick curvature of the ass Chuck sees
the upper thigh okay this is me in the
waist injure okay pros I love that I
feel very pulled in very protective I
feel like I'm sitting up straight um
it's talk to Y can breathe in it um what
I don't like is not work out I
definitely can't do anything strength
training I definitely can't draw it
I can do a really good wall in this
uncle is constricting on your diaphragm
I don't think this would be a everyday
thing that I would wear I think it'd be
something that's wrong places outfit
something like that one thing that I
really did like about it and I do like
about it is the inside has continents
looks really good on your body so
doesn't feel constricting the outside is
the latex so you can wear them like a
cute little outfit if you can be exposed
it can be shown so I really really like
that part about it
the biggest con that I have with it is
the bulges it's kind of hard to hide but
even though I look like I have an
hourglass figure you can see a bulge
here you see a bulge there in the back
so that is unnatural and then at the top
work back fat issues that I have you
still see it so that's one of probably
the biggest issues that I have in the
unnaturalness of it and a black go
support it it doesn't feel good when I
sit down awesome okay so this is all
over I call it body lift your body
center suck me and push me out of love
is I love the way that in the back it
looks small my button looks great but
the drawback if you look really closely
yeah that looks great but it has to be
low because if it's not loose in the
back oh my goodness it looks weird and I
feel like like if I pull it tight it
looks kind of weird so it's not it that
looks sexy it looks good um another
drawback is that noise I feel like I'm
walking in corduroys so I have to be
cognizant of that I feel very supported
it looks natural or more natural to me
than the way Center there's no longer
dumps all around um I might wear
undershirt underneath this I love the
way it looks with leggings at times and
also with jeans you just want to wear
probably something nice and less maybe
something light and airy over it if you
want to wear with leggings or jeans and
I'll show you how that looks later on
okay so this is me and jeans looks
pretty good right
it's pretty nice slim size not that bad
the back haha okay I want to ask but
this is the UH nationís that I talked
about it is too much under here that my
booty is so him then he'll been kept a
little more efficient I don't get I
can't oh yeah I would probably wear this
with a knife here like nice sweater
works um yeah I wouldn't wear the Falcon
that side profile that I love away from
blitz and the breasts and everything
this that hip area I can't help is where
the ass with a big curvature of the ass
I'm not just the upper side that's why
we're assuming - to him this is my field
opposite that would love to wear with
the body shaper right my boyfriend says
this is the ideal outfit to wear the
only drawback that I have is up the
noise it makes
and then again I'm still having that
draw by dealing hip area where I wish
with a little bit not so fake looking
but everything else I love it looks
really really good it fits well and fits
nice one thing I do and one tip that I
can give you today on how to camouflage
that noise is a jazzy pair of leg
we solved the issue of the shaper making
that noise we no longer have that
squishy sound we move our
Plus everything is held in the back is
pretty good the gift line is still a
little on that rope from the side it's
okay I like the way the waist looks I
like the way the butt looks here it's
still right here where it's a little to
be desired but you get to see the body
shape as a whole you get to see my
figure of how it looks you can really
get to see how your figure is actually
transformed in the shaper so in
conclusion if I had to choose between
the all-over by sister and the white
Center I would actually choose the body
let's go it's more practical for the
everyday drill it pulls you in and touch
you in it support your back kind of
leisure but the way that you're just
sexy and you know it further everyday
girl I think it makes my sense
economically once you buy this once you
wear this you can't take it back so stay
with this one so if you're going to
invest your money in something investor
buys it I'll invest in something that
you can wear multiple times with
multiple office stresses legging skirts
this just limits you but it's so cute